Orchestra
=========

Orchestra is a platform for real-time processing and decision making in any network with sensors. We provide a ridiculously simple interface for users to specify their sensor data pipelines from the raw sensors all the way to the actuators. 

At any point in time, we can claim that data from two sensors has more information when compared to data from a single sensor. Thanks to Moore's law and the improvements in software, we will be assisted by thousands of ubiquitous sensors and actuators in the near future. They will become as natural as electricity. With such abundance, comes the responsibility of coordinating them properly. It is critical to have a platform that can coordinate and make sense of the heterogeneous data generated by the numerous sensors. We believe our product Orchestra will be of use to anyone who has a requirement to weave in multiple sources of data to generate more valuable data which would be helpful to others. The result generated from Orchestra could be used for actuating (sending notifications, moving a mechanical arm etc.) or provide a more valuable output for the next component to work on. We are specifically interested in the IoT applicability of this platform.

We worked hard on the design of the platform to make it extremely simple to orchestrate data from multiple data sources and provide real-time decisions. Since the platform essentially coordinates a groups of seemingly independent IoT sensors to be a part of a coherent and consistent knowledge, we call this as the Orchestra.

How to use it?
--------------
In terms of setup, all you need are two redis server instances running at 6379 and 6380.

Orchestra is basically an orchestrator for sensor networks. So, you specify the input, processing and outputs and we will generate the code for you. So the steps are as follows.

1. **Create a new component under the "components" directory.** This is basically a JSON file where you specify the list of input sensors that you would like to get as input, a reference to the module to execute and a name for the resulting output stream.
2. **Execute "python component_translate.py components/mycomponent.json | python".** This will generate the equivalent Python code and immediately integrate it with orchestra. Your output stream will be visible in Redis server 2.

Thats it! The output of your components are calculated at real-time and available. You can find sample modules under the "modules" folder and sample components in the "components" folder. If you need more info or features, feel free to reach out to me or Anup.
